c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\BasicWebApiTemplate1.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\BasicWebApiTemplate1.pdb
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\obj\Debug\BasicWebApiTemplate1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\obj\Debug\BasicWebApiTemplate1.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\obj\Debug\BasicWebApiTemplate1.pdb
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
