c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.pdb
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.pdb
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.pdb
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.pdb
c:\users\shanki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.xml
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\SHANKI\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BasicWebApiTemplate1\BasicWebApiTemplate1\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.dll.config
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.pdb
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.dll
D:\Development\SouthCPIM\SouthCPIM\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.pdb
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.dll.config
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\SouthCPIMWeb.pdb
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.dll
D:\Development\BhuviCare\SouthCPIM\obj\Debug\SouthCPIMWeb.pdb
